Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
Sasho.
Here.
- Tsunanaka.
- Here.
- Tomonaka.
Nomura...
... is absent.
Here!
I'm sorry.
I was reading a script last night,
and I couldn't get up this morning.
Toroko!
Didn't you tell me you couldn't
come today because of filming?
Noooooooo!
Wow, that's Mayu Hazuki.
When I was the president of
the Idol Fan Club at Meiji University...
...she was traveling
to the hot springs...
... as a member
of this sexy group.
I'm so glad that she has become
such a big star now.
I'm going to get her autograph.
Oh, no. I'm in the industry now.
I can't do that.
But I may be the only one
who has all three autographs...
... she used when she was
a member of the group...
Pink Elephant,
your girl hasn't come yet?
I'm sorry. She's coming soon!
We're going to start
rehearsal in 10 minutes.
Yes, sir.
What?! Your girl?!
Her name is Tomoko Nomura!
That's why I didn't want to take
an unscheduled role.
Plan to make Tomoko Nomura
a superstar...
In order to make Tomoko
a star of the 21st century...
I didn't sleep for three days
concocting this plan.
Soon she'll be a siren
of the silver screen!
Of course, it will be a big hit!
She'll be a star!
She'll appear on popular talk shows
like "Waratte litomo... "
... and "Tetsuko no Heya. "
She'll be set as a star!
And, and...!
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCEMENT
INTERVIEW
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCEMENT INTERVIEW
How do you feel having the No.
1 star in Japan as your bride?
I'm happy!
I'd better call her again.
She's still not answering.
Just in case, check her school...
What's this?!
Hellooo!
Why do I have
Tomoko's cell phone?!
That's right...!
During the photo session yesterday
I was holding it for her!
That's why I didn't want
to take an unscheduled role.
How can I contact Tomoko?
Tomokoooo!
Hurry up, Toroko!
Yes!
Well...
Thank you very much!
Tomoko!
Okay, everyone! Stand by!
We're doing a run-through.
Lights!
What do you mean
there's no scene for her?
I apologize that she's late.
Well, I feel sorry for you,
but the writer, Ashida-san, said...
...she wanted to change
the scene suddenly.
Ashida-san said?
Off the record, she doesn't like
girls with big breasts.
What?!
Anyway, that's all for today.
We'll give you
another chance next time.
Okay! Let's run through it!
Wait, Kojima-san!
Four, three...
We're leaving, Tomoko.
What?
Oh, it makes me so mad!
A scenario writer?!
She's just a selfish old woman!
Don't play with us!
We did them a favor taking it...
... because Tomoko's air time
would be more than a minute!
Okay, then, I'm going to eat
all their staff's lunches!
As our revenge
I'm going to eat at their expense.
Hello!
Were you in time for work?
Onizuka-san!
What are you doing here?!
I was just hungry.
Amazing lunch for a TV station!
It's so good!
I'm going to have another one.
Why is everyone here?
Onizuka asked us to come here.
We're taking a field trip
to your workplace.
Other students took
the Visitor's Tour.
We're here because Kanzaki
insisted on waiting for you.
Because I'm her best friend.
Urumi!
Are you done?
Or are you on break?
Well, I...
We've decided not to take this job.
It's meaningless anyway.
What?!
Toroko!
Tomoko!
You don't need to worry!
What's going on?
Let's find Toroko first!
I'm telling you,
I didn't see a woman in blue clothes!
Not blue clothes.
A woman in red clothes!
And with yellow hair!
With yellow hair...I know
only Hiyoko (baby chicken).
Okay! Check the monitor!
Teacher!
I'm sorry. You even gave me a ride.
But I was cut.
Why is the person
who was cut still here?
This story is really interesting.
I read the script
over and over last night.
So I overslept...
Then it's too early to give up.
The show hasn't finished taping yet.
- Did you find her?!
- No!
Where on earth did she go?
Please don't kill yourself, Tomoko!
Thank you for waiting.
Oolong tea float & plum milk ice.
Tomoko!
Toroko!
I'm telling you! The light
on Ultraman's chest changes...
...from blue to yellow, then to red.
Kikuchi...
No.
Ultraman's...
Oh, I'm sorry!
All right! Cut!
Not bad...!
Thank you very much!
What's going on?
Wasn't Toroko cut?
Onizuka did it.
How did you do it?
That old lady said
you're her type.
What?
Do you mean...?
Everything is experience.
Good luck, Kunio-chan!
Why me?!
Just drive the metropolitan highway
and drink morning coffee together...
What?!
Mom...!
Eikichi!
Bow wow!
Teacher...!
Bow wow...!
OBEDIENT DOG
I'm asking you about that.
Good boy, Eikichi.
What do you want for your prize?
OBEDIENT DOG
You want me to give her
more work time?
Okay, then. I'll make her role
a semi-regular one.
What are you doing?!
I finally got Toroko some work!
Don't interfere!
All right...
No! I'm her manager!
Don't accept any work
that's not in my plan!
Plan?
Do you mean this?
Don't look!
Here...
This is an unrealistic plan...
Can he do that?
I have 20 years of experience
following stars.
I was the president of
the Idol Fan Club at Meiji University.
Nothing is impossible for me.
You shut up and watch me.
I don't like it.
What?
As long as things go the way
you planned...
...you don't care
what Toroko wants, do you?
What Tomoko wants...?
We can't leave Toroko with you.
Oh, my plan...!
From now on, we, Eikichi Onizuka
and these five students...
...will take care of Toroko.
What?
Are we joining him, too...?
Sounds like it...
What can amateurs do?
Although we're amateur, we know
Toroko's charms better than you.
Interesting. If you say so,
I want you to do it.
However...
... if you fail...
...you promise to never show up
at Tomoko's workplace.
That's fine.
I'll show you Onizuka's way!
FUJI TV! WOW!
The first step toward becoming
a star is doing a commercial!
Kyonkyon, Gokumi, and Hirosue...
...all of them became famous
through commercials.
I was in a commercial
for cell phones!
One is not enough.
You have to do a lot!
That's easy for you to say.
Can you get commercials so easily?
Yeah. I think it's pretty hard.
Who do you think I am?
I'm the legendary Onibaku.
I have many connections.
Many connections
in many different areas.
Then...!
I already have a job for her.
Let's start rehearsal!
Yes!
Delicious daikon! Fun daikon!
The best daikon I can find...
...is daikon in Gunma!
It's thick and hard.
Let's check the monitor.
Thick...and hard...
Where do you run this commercial?
Gunma Local.
It'll be a long road to stardom.
You can't be serious!
Many years from now,
people will use this commercial...
...to make fun of Tomoko!
I can't allow that!
Tomoko, let's go back.
It's delicious!
Please eat as much as you want.
It's good!
Why don't you join us,
Manager-san?
To...Tomoko...
She's enjoying it.
Don't disturb her!
Then let's take it!
Three seconds!
Delicious daikon! Fun daikon!
The best daikon I know...
...is the daikon in Gunma!
It's thick and hard.
Okay!
Don't get so mad.
We got a lot of daikon, too.
I will never allow a local
commercial like this!
Don't worry.
The next one is a major commercial.
Please eat with me!
Please eat...
...with me...
KOSHIHIKARI
Where do you air this commercial?
Niigata Local.
Don't worry.
The next one is a major commercial!
Mellow melon!
Mellow...
...melon...
Hokkaido Local.
We won't be out of food for a while!
Hooray!
What is Onizuka thinking?!
He got only local commercials!
Major commercials are
an impossible dream.
No, not really.
What?
I totaled the areas
of the commercials Onizuka got.
It's amazing.
They cover over 80% of the country.
What did you say?!
We can expect the same effect
as a nation-wide commercial.
Did Onizuka really plan that well?
Everyone, get ready!
We got another job.
Which local commercial
are we doing this time?
What? Local commercial?
No more of those.
It's meaningless now.
This time, it's a bigger job.
Radio station!
Radio station in Shibuya.
ENTERTAINMENT PRODUCTION & TALENT
AGENCY PINK ELEPHANT A job at a
radio station in Shibuya!!
The only radio station
in Shibuya is...!
I can't believe he got
such a major job...!
I haven't even
contacted that station...!
Here it is!
What? Isn't it a little bit further?
What's this place?
Is this the right place?
This is a Mini FM Station!
What's a Mini FM Station?
It's a broadcasting station
anyone can establish easily.
But the range of reception
is at most a few kilometers.
Then it's meaningless...
I thought it was too good to be true.
No complaining!
Let's get to work!
Toroko's finished changing.
But... is this really the right one?
What's this outfit?!
I borrowed it from my friend.
It looks good on her, doesn't it?
That's not my point!
This is a live broadcast in public!
People can see it! Her pa-pa-
Don't worry about her panties.
It's a sort of service.
A service for the fans.
Fans...?
This is...!
This program is well-known
for debuting future stars...
... before their big break.
Think about if all of them submit
their photographs to magazines.
About 20 magazines soliciting
photographs from the public...
...will be filled with Toroko's photos.
Good advertising!
Get serious! If she becomes famous
like that, my plan won't work!
Cancel this job!
- Let's go back, Tomoko.
- What?
Wait a minute!
This is Toroko's job.
If she doesn't like it,
I have no intention of forcing her.
I...
Tomoko,
you don't need to take this job.
They're going to take pictures
of you in your panties.
Well...that's okay.
I've put on some nice underwear.
That's not the point!
Toroko.
What do you want to do?
Tell us. Be honest.
Well...
Since you became my manager,
I've had many different jobs.
I've enjoyed every single day.
I've felt a sense of fulfillment.
They might not be big jobs
like Manager-san said...
... but even if it's little by little,
I want everyone to see me.
If they like me little by little,
I will be very happy.
So I will be happy...
...if someone likes me
because of today's job...
I'm sorry!
I know you care about me. But...
I remember...
...Mayu Hazuki got her start
from a dinner show at hot springs...
Then, that's it.
Now I'm introducing the guest
of the hour! Tomoko Nomura!
How do you do?
I'm Tomoko Nomura.
After all, that's my selfish dream...
I should have come up
with a marketing method...
...suitable for Tomoko.
Look! What's that?!
That is...!
Look! Right there!
The beauty of our dreams
really exists, Kibayashi!
Yes! Let's go!
Who are you?!
Are you with the girl
who's on the air now?
Yes...
I'm Kibayashi
from Weekly Shonen Magazine.
We've been receiving...
...a lot of letters
about her commercials...
...from readers all over Japan
for a long time now.
"There is a cute girl
in the daikon commercial."
"I want to know about that
beautiful girl in the rice commercial."
"I've become mellow
from the melon commercial."
When we investigated...
...we found that it's the same
beautiful girl in all the commercials.
Tomoko Nomura, it's you!
From these facts,
we've hypothesized...
...that she may become
the top star of the 21st century!
Weekly Shonen Magazine...
...the most widely circulated
magazine in the world...
...recognized Tomoko...
Great, Toroko!
No doubt you can be the top star!
But this is just a hypothesis.
We need to research more deeply.
Research...?
We've found 11 other
potential top idols.
Adding Tomoko-kun Nomura...
...we want these 12 to compete
for true star status.
How...?
Magazine Glossy Princess Contest!
In short, MGPC!
MGPC?!
Yes. We'll introduce
all 12 girls in our magazine.
We'll ask our readers to vote
for the top star of the 21st century.
The winner will appear
in a 20-page layout...
...in our magazine,
and we'll give her full support.
We want her to compete.
What do you want to do?
It's up to you to make the decision.
I trust you.
Okay!
Let's do it together!
Yes! I'll do it!
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
I'm really touched.
Let's show them a miracle!
If you say so,
a miracle will happen again!
Megumi Hoshino. I'm 17 years old.
Thank you for having me here.
A miracle won't happen...
...as long as
Warning Production exists.
SEE YA NEXT TIME